标题:双语：和颐酒店女生遇袭 女子在外遇袭如何自卫
发布时间:2016-04-07 10:17
正文:[摘要]4月3日一女子在某酒店入住时，被陌生男子跟踪后强行拖拽，整个过程持续五六分钟，没有任何安保人员和酒店管理人员出面阻止。直到围观者逐渐增多，一名女房客搭救，才没有受到更大的伤害。
小编导读：4月3日一女子在某酒店入住时，被陌生男子跟踪后强行拖拽，整个过程持续五六分钟，没有任何安保人员和酒店管理人员出面阻止。直到围观者逐渐增多，一名女房客搭救，才没有受到更大的伤害。该女子@弯弯_20164月5日在微博爆料了她所遭遇到的一切，该事件瞬间刷爆朋友圈和各大社交媒体热门头条，网民们也都呼吁女孩独自外出旅行时一定要注意自我防范。全文看到每个人心惊肉跳有没有！
遭遇人身袭击的几率比有些人想的往往比较大。我们遭遇袭击的事情还是时常会发生。防御任何可能的袭击的最好的办法就是你要保持谨慎和提防。如果你能具备这些，你就可以足够聪明去应对这种情况了。英语(精品课)君为大家整理了一些外网上给出的tips：独身女子在外遇袭如何自卫？
1.MakeaScene
1.当众造势
Ifanindividualisbeingphysicallyattackedthefirstthingtodoinordertopreventfurtherinjuriesistomakeascene.Theindividualbeingattackedshouldscreamasloudaspossibleandtrytogaintheattentionofothersaroundthemsothattheycangethelp.Themorenoiseonemakes,themorelikelyitwillbethatsomeonewillhelp.
如果一个人遇到身体攻击，为免继续被伤害，首要的一件事就是要当众造势。被袭击者应当极力大声呼喊，试着去吸引周遭人的注意力，进而获得帮助。噪音越大，被人帮助的可能性就越大。
2.FightYourAttackerifSafetoDoSo
2.在安全的情况下与袭击者搏斗
Peoplemaybeamazedtofindthestrengththattheypossessinthemidstofbeingphysicallyattacked.Somemayfindthattheywillkick,punch,scratchordowhateverisnecessarytobreakfreefromthegraspoftheattacker.However,eachsituationisdifferentandtheindividualbeingattackedmayfeelthatitisbesttocooperatesoastopreventpossibleseriousinjuryordeath.Onemustanalyzetheirindividualsituationtodeterminewhatthebestwaytoproceedmaybe.
在遇到身体攻击的时候，人们会发现他们拥有惊人的力量。为了挣脱袭击者的魔爪，一些人可能会脚踢、猛击、抓挠以及有其他一些必要的行为。然而，每个状况都是不同的，遇袭者也可能会感觉到为免遭受到进一步的伤害或者触及死亡，最好是配合袭击者。必须分析个别状况去决定最好的行动方法。
3.TryAllPossibleWaystoGettoSafety
3.尽可能往安全的地方去
Thevictimshouldalwaysbethinkingofthebestwaytofreethemselvesfromtheirattacker.Whethertheydiverttheattentionoftheattackerorstrikeoutatthemtothrowthemoffguard,itisimportanttogettosafetyassoonaspossiblesothattheattackwillstop.
受害者应该经常思考以最好的方法从袭击者手中脱逃。不管是转移袭击者的注意力或者是在他们猝不及防的时候反击他们，最重要的就是尽量去往安全的地方使得袭击停止。
4.CallthePoliceandObtainMedicalAttention
4.呼叫警察并且获得医疗救助
Oncetheindividualhasfreedthemselvesfromtheattacker,theyshouldgodirectlytothenearestpolicestationandfileareport.Thesoonertheygettothepolicestation,thefreshertheinformationwillbeintheirmindsandthemorelikelyitwillbethatthepoliceofficerscanlocateandarresttheattacker.
一旦受害者逃离袭击者，他们应该直接去最近的派出所报案。去派出所的速度越快，受袭者所记忆的信息就会越清晰，那么警察也会越快找到并抓捕袭击者。
5.ConsiderCounseling
5.考虑进行心理咨询
Beingthevictimofaphysicalattackcanleaveanindividualfeelingscared,vulnerableanduneasy.Counselingissomethingwhichmayhelptoalleviatetheseproblemscausedbythephysicalattack.
遭遇人身攻击会使人感觉到恐惧，脆弱和不安。心理咨询可以帮助人缓解这些由人身攻击带来的问题。
女性们会因为各种原因而外出，不管是去探索新区域还是寻求商业合作，或者和男人们不同的是，女人们有时只是想简单的休息和放松一下。事实上，女性独自出门在外，旅行也好出差也好，安全意识万万不可少！女性独自出门在外要注意哪些问题呢？
1.Knowtherisks
1.了解风险
Ariskassessmentshouldaddressyourconcernsasafemaletraveller,includingsafetyandsecurity,healthconditions,thepoliticalandeconomicenvironment,locallaws,customs,andculturalnorms.
对于旅行地的风险评估包括安全、卫生条件、政治和经济环境、当地的法律、风俗和文化规范。
2.Planahead
2.提早做计划
Makesureyouhavetravelhealthinsurancethatcoversallmedicalexpensesforillnessorinjury(includinghospitalizationabroadandmedicalevacuation),lossortheftofvaluables,damagetobaggage,andflightcancellationsorinterruptions.Considertakingaself-defencecourseforwomen.
确保你有能覆盖所有医疗费的旅行医疗保险：包括治疗疾病或者伤害（包括国外住院和医疗疏散）、贵重物品的遗失或遭窃、行李的损坏、航班取消或中断等。可以考虑参加女性自我防卫的课程。
3.Golightly
3.轻装上阵
Alwaystravellight,ifpossible,toprotectyourselfagainstlossortheftofmoneyandvaluables.You’llbemuchlessvulnerableandmoreindependentifyou’renotweigheddownwithalotofluggage.
如果可能的话，旅行的时候要轻装上阵以免钱和贵重物品丢失或者遭窃。如果你携带的行李比较少的话，你就比较不容易那么脆弱，进而会更独立。
4.Asafehaven
4.安全的栖息之处
Findingsafeaccommodationsisoneofawomantraveller’sprimarygoals.Travelearlyintheday,soyou’llhavetimetofindasuitableplacebeforedark.Betterstill,bookyourlodgingsinadvance,especiallyifyou’reduetoarrivelateatnight.Makesureyoufeelcomfortableaboutyouraccommodationsandtheirlocation.Alwaysasktoseetheroombeforetakingit.Doesthedoorlockproperly?ArethereholesinthedoororwallsthatcouldbeusedbypeepingToms?Aretherefirealarmsandescaperoutes?Avoidground-flooraccommodationsoranyroomthathaseasyaccessfromoutside,suchasfromabalconyorfireescape.Bookaroomthat’sclosetoanelevatorandawayfromexits.
女性独立外出旅行最重要的就是找到一个安全的住所。尽量在白天早一些的时候外出，那么在天黑之前你就有充足的时间可以找到一个合适的地方了。最好是提前预定住宿，尤其是你很晚的时候到达。确保对你居住的地方感觉到舒服。在选择之前尽量先看看房间。门锁是否完好？门上和墙上的洞是否可以被人偷窥得到？是否有警报器和逃生通道？避免住在一楼或者容易从外面进入的房间，比如有阳台或者安全出口的房间。预定一个离电梯近且远离出口的房间。
5.Whattowear
5.穿什么很重要
Therulesofdressingforsuccessvaryhugelyfromculturetoculture.They’reoftenbasedonage-oldreligiousandmoralbeliefs.Defyingthesecustomsmaybestrictlyforbiddeninsomesocietiesandputyouatrisk.Findoutwhatwomenwearinyourhostcountrybeforeyouarrive.Packasuitablewardrobebasedonyourresearch.
文化的不同，成功着装的规则也是大相径庭。他们通常基于古老的宗教和道德信仰。无视这些习俗可能会被禁止而且会使你处于危险之中。在到达之前，要确认在你的旅行目的地的国家妇女的穿着。根据你的调查准备合适的衣服吧~
